today I'm going to show you how
to make a caveman zip time and
you don't need to came in to do
it
yeah
so this material right here is
about as strong as a real zip
tie it might even be stronger
because right now I don't have a
zip tie and if you don't have it
you can't use it but I've got
the Palmetto fiber this plant
has a really tough outer
material and I really brittle
inner material
so what I'm doing is I'm simply
separating the outer material
from the internet here
wow that's strong
yeah
common thing you need to do when
you're in the woods with some
kind of a craft project for the
shelter is tied two sticks
together so I'm going to look
that around there
the best thing to hold this
together is not duct tape it's
friction and always have a
pocket full of friction with me
it's one thing that you can
always depend on in the woods is
fine and friction
there you have it that's what i
call a caveman
zip-top